docs: Improve example, API reference and intro (#24)
OpenDataServices/spreadsheet-forms: docs/api/put_data_in_form.rst

put_data_in_form function
=========================

Purpose
-------

> This takes a guide form and some existing data, and produces a spreadsheet with the data already in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Populates a spreadsheet form with existing JSON data, based on the structure of a guide form.
```
